>> Will Sentance: Class user
has a function at the top.
The first one,
which is just the functionality version of
user that we did earlier that creates
inside of an empty object, whatever.
That's this bit here.
And we rename that portion of it,
we rename it what, Katie?
Can you see what it says we rename it?
What did we name that bit,
previously it was just a regular function,
what did we name that bit?
>> Katie: The constructor?
>> Will Sentance: Constructor.
So we rename this bit,
I don't know why constructor.
I mean, I do know why, but
we rename that bit constructor.
And rather than having to
manually populate the set of
shared functions that the objects that
get returned out of calling user get
a bond to, rather than manually populating
them, Griffin, what do we do instead?
We just announced those functions there.
>> Griffin: Yeah.
>> Will Sentance: But all that's doing,
when we announce those two functions,
is actually under the hood, saying
user.prototype centered to increment,
user.prototype centered to login.
That's literally doing
exactly the same thing.
So we're just gonna walk through
it to make sure it's really clear.
Lindsey, what's the top line there
in solution four tell us to do?
>> Lindsey: Declaring a function.
>> Will Sentance: The very top bit,
the very top line, declaring a-
>> Lindsey: Class thing.
>> Will Sentance: Class, aha, class, aha.
There it is.
A class, I'm gonna call it a class,
I guess.
And it has two parts to it.
What's the first part tell us to do?
We go straight in and
do this stuff immediately.
What's the first part tell us to do,
Lindsey?
>> Lindsey: Run a constructor.
>> Will Sentance: Well, not run, create.
>> Lindsey: Or create.
>> Will Sentance: So
at this point here, constructed here,
that is exactly the same as this bit here.
It's saying, store the function,
that when we run user later on,
this is the function that we run here.
Just like when we said store user as
a function when we run user later on,
this is the function that we're running,
okay?
Done, there it is.
It's given the label constructor,
that means now, we can specifically say,
when I call user, I'm calling this
bit the constructor portion of it.
But we can see it's absolutely identical,
okay?
And then we get to just list off
the functions that we wanna get
stored in the user.prototype.
We don't even do commas between them,
we just list them off.
And what's the first one say, Lindsey?
>> Lindsey: Increment.
>> Will Sentance: Increment, which gets
stored automatically because of this
new syntax class says, store it,
increment in the user.prototype.increment,
there it is.
And then login gets stored,
user.prototype.login.
And at the end of that block,
you've achieved exactly the same thing
in practice as we did in solution three.
But it is a little bit
more like our python or
other languages where we've listed all of
our functions that are gonna be shared by
the resulting objects that
come from running user.
But it's all a mask.
It's all a mask for how JavaScript's
actually working under the hood.
Under the hood, it's doing all of this.
And it's important.
There's levels of under
the hood we wanna reach.
There's levels that we don't wanna reach.
There's levels where we don't need
to go that deep because doing so
doesn't help us write cleaner, better
code, easier to debug, more efficient.
We just don't need to know,
most of the time.
This is a level we do need to know.
If we don't realize that when we are doing
this, if we think when we come to
JavaScript coming from Python, that
they are is behaving the same as Python,
we're gonna get incredibly upset when we
discover that actually, under the hood,
we have this prototype,
prototype property that has
a bunch of shared functions on it.
And that's actually
where our functions are.
We're gonna get very upset when we try and
understand what's happening
inside the core to user with a new
keyword, and it's saying this.
What is this,
it's this auto created object.
Well, we wanna change the product.
How we do that?
None of it's gonna work the way
we expect from other languages
because it's wrapping up
a prototype language.
Job's inherently a prototypal language,
it does not behave in the typical,
classical style that it's
known from other languages.
And yet, we didn't know that,
I guess, maybe we do?
I don't know.
But now, I was gonna say,
benefits this approach,
this final version, this solution
four emerging as the new standard.
Feels more the sound of other languages
like Python, it emulates very closely.
Problems, I think it's not even 99%.
99.9% of developers have
no idea how it works.
And that means it's hard to debug but
its also every senior, or
every VP of engineering.
And every senior developer's favorite
interview question for mid and
senior developers,
how is the new keyword working?
Well, man, one of our favorite
problems is a set of codesmith
in the first couple of weeks,
is rebuild the new keyword for us.
We have everything.
We can rebuild the new keyword.
We wouldn't rebuild that.
We can create a function that
achieves the same as a new keyword,
no problem now because we
know every single piece.
Solution two was just bundled up,
wrapped up,
given some fancy automations
by solution three.
Got rid off bunch of stuff, automated
it with a new keyword, there it is.
And then solution four said,
even that was too long-winded.
Let's make it even easier.
Now, to find me a clause,
I'll put increment and
login in the prototype of user.prototype.
I'll put it in there for you.
Just list them off there.
Just list of all the functions you want
a new prototype, I'll do it for you.